Documentation Source:
docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/copy-into-table.md

Documentation Title:
COPY INTO <table> | Snowflake Documentation

Documentation Content:
Instead, use temporary credentials.

If you must use permanent credentials, use external stages, for which credentials are
entered once and securely stored, minimizing the potential for exposure.
**IAM role:**Omit the security credentials and access keys and, instead, identify the role using AWS\_ROLEand specify the
AWS role ARN (Amazon Resource Name).

**Google Cloud Storage**`STORAGE_INTEGRATION=integration_name`Specifies the name of the storage integration used to delegate authentication responsibility for external cloud storage to a Snowflake
identity and access management (IAM) entity. For more details, see CREATE STORAGE INTEGRATION.

**Microsoft Azure**`STORAGE_INTEGRATION=integration_name`Specifies the name of the storage integration used to delegate authentication responsibility for external cloud storage to a Snowflake
identity and access management (IAM) entity. For more details, see CREATE STORAGE INTEGRATION.

Note

We highly recommend the use of storage integrations. This option avoids the need to supply cloud storage credentials using the
CREDENTIALS parameter when creating stages or loading data.

`CREDENTIALS=(AZURE_SAS_TOKEN='string')`Specifies the SAS (shared access signature) token for connecting to Azure and accessing the private/protected container where the files
containing data are staged. Credentials are generated by Azure.

`ENCRYPTION=(cloud_specific_encryption)`For use in ad hoc COPY statements (statements that do not reference a named external stage). Required only for loading from encrypted files; not required if files are unencrypted.Specifies the encryption settings used to decrypt encrypted files in the storage location.

**Amazon S3**`ENCRYPTION=([TYPE='AWS_CSE'][MASTER_KEY='']|[TYPE='AWS_SSE_S3']|[TYPE='AWS_SSE_KMS'[KMS_KEY_ID='']]|[TYPE='NONE'])``TYPE=...`Specifies the encryption type used. Possible values are:

AWS\_CSE: Client-side encryption (requires a MASTER\_KEYvalue). Currently, the client-side
master keyyou provide can only be a symmetric key. Note that, when a
MASTER\_KEYvalue is provided, Snowflake assumes `TYPE=AWS_CSE`(i.e. when a MASTER\_KEYvalue is
provided, TYPEis not required).



Documentation Source:
docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/snowflake-cli-v2/connecting/manage-connections.md

Documentation Title:
Managing connections | Snowflake Documentation

Documentation Content:
```
snowsql-q"select 42;"--temporary-connection\--accountmyaccount\--userjdoe

```
Copy
```
select 42;+----+| 42 ||----|| 42 |+----+
```
You can use the following command options to override connection attributes:

`--account,--accountnameTEXT`: Name assigned to your Snowflake account.

`--user,--usernameTEXT`: Username to connect to Snowflake.

* `--passwordTEXT`: Snowflake password.

Caution

For improved security, Snowflake strongly recommends using the $SNOWFLAKE\_PASSWORD environment variable so the password is not included in the logs.
`--authenticatorTEXT`: Snowflake authenticator.

`--private-key-pathTEXT`: Snowflake private key path.

`--database,--dbnameTEXT`: Database to use.

`--schema,--schemanameTEXT`: Database schema to use.

`--role,--rolenameTEXT`: Role to use.

`--warehouseTEXT`: Warehouse to use.

`--temporary-connection[-x]`: Use the connection defined with command line parameters instead of one defined in config.toml.

How to use a different configuration file¶
------------------------------------------

In some situations, such as a continuous integration, continuous deployment (CI/CD) environment, you might prefer
to create dedicated configuration files for testing and deployment pipelines instead of defining all of the possible
configurations in a Snowflake default configuration file.

If you want to use a different configuration file instead of your default file, you can use the
--config-fileoption for the snowcommand, such as:


```
snow--config-file="my_config.toml"connectiontest
```
CopyWas this page helpful?

YesNoVisit SnowflakeJoin the conversationDevelop with SnowflakeShare your feedbackRead the latest on our blogGet your own certificationPrivacy NoticeSite Terms© 2024Snowflake, Inc. All Rights Reserved.On this page

How to test a connectionHow to use a temporary connectionHow to use a different configuration fileRelated content

Snowflake CLIConnecting to Snowflake and configuring Snowflake CLISpecifying your Snowflake credentialsConfigure loggingsnow connection commandsLanguage: **English**EnglishFrançaisDeutsch日本語한국어Português



Documentation Source:
docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ecosystem-partner-connect.md

Documentation Title:
Snowflake Partner Connect | Snowflake Documentation

Documentation Content:
Objects Created for the Partner¶

During the connection process, the following Snowflake objects for the partner application are created in your account:



|Object Name

Type

Notes


|  |
|PC\_\_DB

Database

This database is empty and can be used to load/store data for querying. If you wish to use existing databases that already contain
data, during the initial connection process, you can specify any non-shared databases to use in the field provided. You can also
manually specify other databases after the process completes.


|  |
|PC\_\_WH

Warehouse

The default size of the warehouse is X-Small, but can be changed if needed.


|PC\_\_USER

System User

This is the user that connects to Snowflake from the partner application. As noted in the dialog, a random password for the user
is automatically generated.


|PC\_\_ROLE

Role

The PUBLIC role is granted to this custom role, which enables the role to access any objects owned/granted to the PUBLIC role.
In addition, this role is granted to the SYSADMIN role, which enables users with the SYSADMIN role (or higher) to also access any
Snowflake objects created for partner access.



In addition, if you optionally chose to specify one or more existing databases during the initial connection process, a second custom
role is created with all of the necessary privileges to access the tables in the databases:

PC\_\_DB\_PICKER\_ROLEThis role is then granted to the PC\_\_ROLE, which enables all the tables in the specified databases to be used by the partner
application with minimal (or no) additional configuration.

Note that this second role is not displayed in the dialog, but the role is created automatically after all the other objects listed in
the dialog are created.

Tip

The above objects are created to enable a quick, convenient setup:

If you prefer to use existing Snowflake objects (databases, warehouses, users, etc.), you can update the preferences in the partner
application to reference the desired objects in Snowflake.

An account administrator can use ALTER USERto change the generated password for
PC\_\_USER.

To enable access to objects owned by (or granted to) roles other than PUBLIC, grant the other roles to PC\_\_ROLE.



Documentation Source:
docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tutorials/users-and-roles-tutorial.md

Documentation Title:
Create users and grant roles | Snowflake Documentation

Documentation Content:
```
CREATEORREPLACEUSERsnowmanPASSWORD='sn0wf@ll'LOGIN_NAME='snowstorm'FIRST_NAME='Snow'LAST_NAME='Storm'EMAIL='snow.storm@snowflake.com'MUST_CHANGE_PASSWORD=trueDEFAULT_WAREHOUSE=COMPUTE_WH;
```
CopyThis command returns the following output:

User SNOWMAN successfully created.If you were creating a real user in a real Snowflake account, you would now send the
following information in a secure manner to the person who would need to access
this new account:

Snowflake Account URL: the Snowflake account link where the user will log in.
You can find this link at the top of your browser
(for example: https://app.snowflake.com/myorg/myaccount/,
where myorgis the Snowflake organization ID, and myaccountis the account ID).

LOGIN\_NAME, as specified in the CREATE USER command.

PASSWORD, as specified in the CREATE USER command.

Step 5. Grant a system role and warehouse access to the user¶
-------------------------------------------------------------

Now that you have created a user, you can use the SECURITYADMIN role to grant the
SYSADMIN role to the user, as well as grant USAGE on the COMPUTE\_WH warehouse.

Granting a role to another role creates a parent-child relationship between the roles
(also referred to as a role hierarchy). Granting a role to a user enables the user to perform
all operations allowed by the role (through the access privileges granted to the role).

The SYSADMIN role has privileges to create warehouses, databases, and database objects
in an account and grant those privileges to other roles. Only grant this role to users who should
have these privileges. For information about other system-defined roles, see
see Overview of Access Control.

To grant the user access to a role and a warehouse, do the following:

1. In the open worksheet, place your cursor in the USE ROLEline,
then select Run.


```
USEROLESECURITYADMIN;
```
Copy
2. Place your cursor in the GRANT ROLEline, enter the name of the user you created,
then select Run.


```
GRANTROLESYSADMINTOUSERsnowman;
```
Copy
3. Place your cursor in the GRANT USAGE line, then select Run.



